begin
    get PROGADDR from operating system
    while not end of input do
        begin
            read next record
            while record type != 'E' do 
                begin
                    read next input record
                    while record type = 'T' then
                        begin   
                            move object code from record to location ADDR + specified address
                        end
                    while record type = 'M'
                        add PROGADDR at the location PROGADDR specfied address
                end
        end
end


Initialize:

Define a global array bit[50] to store the bit mask.
Define the convert function to convert a hex string to its binary equivalent and store it in the bit array.
Define convert function:

Take a hexadecimal string hex as input.
Clear the bit array by copying an empty string to it.
For each character in hex:
Use a switch statement to match each hex character (0-F).
Append the 4-bit binary representation of each hex character to bit.
Main function:

Declare file pointers input and output for reading and writing files, respectively.
Declare required variables: line, bitmask, token, pgname, start_addr, length, tlen, PROGADDR, and start.
Open files:

Open input.txt for reading and output.txt for writing.
If either file fails to open, display an error and terminate the program.
Get the Starting Address:

Prompt the user to enter the actual starting address in hexadecimal format and store it in PROGADDR.
Read the Header Record:

Read the first line of the input file into line.
If the first character in line is H:
Extract the program name (pgname), starting address (start_addr), and program length (length) by splitting line using the ^ delimiter.
Process Text Records:

Loop through each line in the input file until reaching a line starting with E.
For each line:
Split the line into tokens based on the ^ delimiter.
If the first token is T (Text record):
Retrieve the starting address of the text record and add PROGADDR to it, storing the result in start.
Retrieve the text length (tlen) and bit mask (bitmask).
Convert the hexadecimal bit mask to binary using convert(bitmask).
For each bit in the bit array:
Retrieve the next object code (token).
If there is no token left, break the loop.
Convert the object code from hex to integer, storing it in addr.
If the current bit is 1, add PROGADDR to addr.
Write start and the modified addr to the output file in hexadecimal format.
Increment start by 3 (the length of each object code entry).
Close Files:

Close both input and output files.
End Program:

Exit the program.